AlphaFilters: Minor UX improvements (#8841)
Shopify/polaris: .changeset/beige-ties-hammer.md

---
'@shopify/polaris': patch
---

> Tweaked the margin of the "Clear all" link in the AlphaFilters component. Fixed the focus outline on the filters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tweaked the margin of the "Clear all" link in the `AlphaFilters` component and fixed the focus outline on the `FilterPill`.
```
